okay we determine our manifold here is a
stock length manifold and it's for the
40 mm your carb interviewed on this
motor our cylinder anything is shorter
swing a shorter manifold and the way the
Ultima measures are stuck as they
measure their table up to the bottom of
this and if you get over 200 my arm out
of the lid set in the bottle full of
chip around to the point 780 which is
just under that to launch doing well
then just under the state here number
and that's coming right out of this book
right here 780 and they make a shorter
amount of the hole here at 275 seve
30,000 shorter I don't know how much
shorter length we need but that might be
what we need but anyway we got to figure
out over overhangs here these are one
point 800 flashes so they're bigger than
early let's take these special Center
rings so we got any terminal we got here
these ones came in our new gasket kit
here use your 127 these are the S&S ones
here
see 112 nuther 137 these are all of the
plush toy these ones again 25 great
every manufactures different stuff
Tony's teams this is definitely that one
this group here is definitely the real
thin ones
my BIOS notes and I say they fit there
okay the problem is when you take the
big fat from squeezing on a big-ass
manifold here you see how the flange is
way off the edge so you can't tighten it
up get the correct one on there you're
still going hard see they're closer to
being on the edge so then when you
tighten up to be almost full up suppose
those other ones were down here these
ones are over here that's the difference
in these things we're not using those
alright so you got to figure that out so
we go to a shortness manifold up a
little bit which is why I want to see
how much I can shorten it it looks like
we do have a little room to do some
shoring so let me see if we can figure
how to do this it's not exactly the
easiest thing and it works hold on to so
I can sleeping for your way of doing it
we've got to make a shorter manifold
what we're gonna buy this mouthful and
see if it is the right length but either
way I gotta make these things shorter
grinding that's not very Agra because
they're uneven as you grind but it might
be our option - we'll see yeah we'll see
what happened next